Remove KeytipData from components (#15534)
microsoft/fluentui: packages/react-next/RELEASE_NOTES.md

Please see the [`@fluentui/react-theme-provider` package README](https://github.com/microsoft/fluentui/blob/master/packages/react-theme-provider/README.md) for details about usage and a migration guide.

### Keytips

> Previously, `KeytipData` is built in different components which needs Keytips support. This adds extra bundle size to our components. In version 8, we removed `KeytipData` and `keytipProps` prop from `Link`, `Toggle`, `Checkbox`, `Comboxbox`, `Dropdown`, `SpinButton` and other non-compat `Button`s (the ones which are not exported from `lib/compat`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, `KeytipData` was built in different components which needed Keytip support. This added extra bundle size to our components. In version 8, we have removed `KeytipData` and `keytipProps` props from `Link`, `Toggle`, `Checkbox`, `ComboBox`, `Dropdown`, `SpinButton` and other non-compat `Button`s (the ones which are not exported from `lib/compat`).
```
